// Avoid lines that are more than 120 characters long.

ARTICLE: Bat
CONTENT: Bats are mammals whose forelimbs form webbed wings, making them the only mammals naturally capable of true and\
sustained flight. They are natural inhabitants of humid and quiet places, such as graveyards.

ARTICLE: Combat
CONTENT: Combat in dungeon is quite straightforward, issue 'kill' followed by the name of your target. Once in combat,\
all turns are simulated by the game engine. The player cannot interfere until either the attacker or the defender dies.\
The character will either use the next available skill in the rotation or attack with the equipped weapon.

ARTICLE: Command History
CONTENT: The game stores your last 200 commands (as of 02/15/2015). Pressing TAB while the cursor is on the input field\
will either do nothing (if the command history is empty), get the last similar command to what is already on the text\
field (if there is one), or return the last command (if the text field is empty and there is at least one command on\
the command history).

ARTICLE: Contributors
CONTENT: Everyone that contributed to the project in a significant way and their e-mail addresses:\\
\\
Bernardo Sulzbach                       - mafagafogigante@gmail.com\\
Gabriel Bellini Bohmer                  - gabrielbellinibohmer@gmail.com\\
\\
If you want your name on this list, consider coding, reporting bugs, or writing new content to the game.

ARTICLE: Eating
CONTENT: As of 0.0.7, eating only heals you until you are uninjured (better than resting, as good as sleeping). There\
are no bonuses for eating regularly neither do the character ever feels hungry.

ARTICLE: First Steps
CONTENT: This is a short tutorial to the World of Dungeon. Use "commands" to see a complete list of available commands.\
Use "pick" to grab something from the ground and "kill" to attack a target. In order to regain your lost hit points you\
can eat, rest or sleep. Only eating and sleeping will heal you up to your full health and sleeping can only be done at\
night.

ARTICLE: Fruit Bat
CONTENT: Fruit bats are not always large: the smallest species is just six centimeters long. The largest attain a\
wingspan of 1.7 meters, weighing up to 1.6 kilograms. Most have large eyes, allowing them to orient themselves visually\
in twilight and inside caves and forests. Their sense of smell is excellent. In contrast to other bats, fruit bats do\
not use echolocation (with one exception, the Egyptian fruit bat, which uses high-pitched tongue clicks to navigate in\
caves).

ARTICLE: Green Iguana
CONTENT: The green iguana or common iguana is a large, arboreal, mostly herbivorous species of lizard of the genus\
Iguana. Despite their name, green iguanas can come in different colors. They are diurnal, arboreal, and are often found\
near water. When frightened by a predator, green iguanas will attempt to flee, and if near a body of water, they dive\
into it and swim away. Agile climbers, iguanas can fall up to fifteen meters and land unhurt (iguanas use their hind\
leg claws to clasp leaves and branches to break a fall). During cold, wet weather, green iguanas prefer to stay on the\
ground for greater warmth. When swimming, an iguana remains submerged, letting its four legs hang limply against its\
side. They propel through the water with powerful tail strokes.

ARTICLE: Keyboard Shortcuts
CONTENT: There is a single implemented keyboard shortcut now, it is CTRL + S and it saves the game.

ARTICLE: Lizard
CONTENT: Lizards typically have feet and external ears, while snakes lack both of these characteristics. However,\
because they are defined negatively as excluding snakes, lizards have no unique distinguishing characteristic as a\
group.

ARTICLE: Luminosity
CONTENT: Currently, time and the current location of the character are the only factors responsible by the change of\
luminosity through the day.\\
Luminosity is the product of the light permittivity (translucency) of the location and the luminosity provided by the\
sun or moon. When it is too dark, the character will not be able to see.

ARTICLE: Parts of Day
CONTENT: The day is divided in the following parts: night, from 1:01 to 5:00; dawn, from 5:01 to 7:00; morning, from\
7:01 to 11:00; noon, from 11:01 to 13:00; afternoon, from 13:01 to 17:00; dusk, from 17:01 to 19:00; evening, from\
19:01 to 23:00; and midnight, from 23:01 to 1:00.

ARTICLE: Skills
CONTENT: The character may learn skills through tomes scattered throughout the world. In order to use these skills,\
the character must issue the 'read' command targeting the desired tome, which must be in his or hers inventory.\
After reading the tome and learning the skill, 'rotation' is used to set up the skill rotation, which will be used\
automatically when in combat.

ARTICLE: Sleeping
CONTENT: The character can sleep when it is dark, waking up when it is dawn. During the sleep, the character may dream.

ARTICLE: Time
CONTENT: Time passes after every turn. How much each turn lasts, however, depends on what the character did. Watches\
are used to keep precise track of time. Looking the time (using a watch) costs a little time, though. The character\
needs about four seconds to see what time it is in an equipped watch and around ten seconds to look up the time in a\
clock placed on his or hers backpack. A broken watch usually displays the time it broke. If the character is equipping\
a broken watch but has a working one in his or hers backpack, any attempt to look up the time will result in the\
character picking up the watch in his or hers backpack.

ARTICLE: Tomes
CONTENT: Tomes are books that can teach a skill for the player character.
